Spark ML Pipeline API was inspired by scikit-learn,
and just like scikit-learn, it allows
combining several data processing
and other training steps into a single workflow.
Pipelines have two main components, Transformers and Estimators.
The transformer is an algorithm that transforms one data frame to another.
There are two common places that transformers are used.
The first is in feature transformations,
like you saw earlier, we're changing categorical
or text variables to numeric columns.
The second is making predictions for supervised learning models by
transforming your features using a model into the predicted outcomes.
Estimators, on the other hand, fit algorithm parameters
on a dataframe to create a transformer.
A pipeline chains multiple transformers and estimators together to pacify an MR workflow.